The truth, you little bitch
I didn't expect it to be quite gullible
I knew you would be so gullible
I'll bring two beggars up to give you a good time
I'm willing to let you pester my fiancé
Let Miss Ben take this kind of photo for you
It's really cheap for you.
It is so decided
Will you come and lie to me?
Miss Liang, your abacus is really loud enough
What do you promise?
This little bitch
Give me your courage to use Xu Yaoguang to frame me
I still want to take nude photos of me
The evidence is all here
If you dare to act rashly
I'll take your reputation
Xu Shiya, this little bitch, I will fight with you
Step on it
You think if you step on the camera, I have no other evidence.
I'll tell you what.
I already put the evidence to bed
Do you think such a small piece of evidence can do anything to me?
Just rely on this evidence
Zhou Yanjin will never marry me
You underestimate commercial mercy.
You're right actually.
Zhou Yanjin will still marry you
But he will never fall in love with you
Yo how big miss
Take down my lackey
What advantage did he give you?
You helped him with 100 million, Miss Rong
Can you afford it?